{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\vieww11720\viewh13040\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Use case: \

\f1\b0 I have a desktop computer at work, a desktop at home, and a laptop.  I would like to be able to work offline on any of these computers and propagate changes to each computer.  I've tried to use google drive for this.  It sort of works, but I do not like the idea my data being scrapped, or the lack of local backups, or it's way of file sharing to name a few of its short comings.\
\
I've also tried rsync.  It does a good job of adding new files but, delete is problematic.  Also there is no audit trail of changes.\
\
I'm sure what I want already exists, but I'm tired of investing the time is takes to try something only to have it fall short.\
\
git is the best model I\'92ve seen for what I'm looking for.  The main difference between git and this sync program is the sever does not host the repository, only the changed files.  Once a change has propagated to all the client machines, the file is deleted from the server.  This keeps the size requirements of the server down.\
\

\f0\b Setup and Configuration:
\f1\b0 \
Each client machine installs the sync code.  It is configured to:\
1) point to the public server\
2) point to local repository of files\
2) has a unique name for the users client machines: ie  home, office, laptop\
3) a list of [ \'93syncDir1\'94:\'94local Directory for1, \'93syncDir2\'94, \'93local Directory for 2 \'93\'85]\
\
For the above use case :.  Each of the client machine may have a different set of directories to be synced. \
\

\f0\b What the user does:\
sync local:
\f1\b0 \
This will cause the local machine to generate a list of all files\
 added, deleted, and changed \
compared to the latest state of the local repository.\
\

\f0\b sync remote:
\f1\b0 \
This will cause the local machine to download the the others machines current repository state. You can then manually decide which changes to accept on your local machine\
\

\f0\b How the repository works:
\f1\b0 \
There is a folder for each file saved in the repository. The folders name is the inode for the file being tracked. Files in the folder are of the form:\
\
#.\
\
 the files start with 1 and are incremented each time the file changes. \
\
\

\f0\b File identifiers:
\f1\b0 \
inode\
path\
name and extension\
content / digest\
sync id\
}